1. crash log 符号化
-----


crash log:
设备中存放地址：
/var/mobile/Library/Logs/CrashReporter/InterfaithExplorer_2010-11-22-140841_ianvinkipad.plist 

------------
设备中可以看到:
Settings
General
About
Diagnostics & Usage
Diagnotstic & Usage Data

把崩溃日志拷贝成.crash后导入organizer,即可符号化

-----------
用itune同步后，在mac中可以看到
~/Library/Logs/CrashReporter/MobileDevice/

-----------
符号化：
Crash reports with stack traces need to be symbolicated before they can be analyzed. 
Symoblication replaces memory addresses with human-readable function names and line numbers. 
If you get crash logs off a device through Xcode's Organizer window, then they will be symbolicated for you automatically after a few seconds. 
Otherwise you will need to symbolicate the .crash file yourself by importing it to the Xcode Organizer.
 See Symbolication for details
 ----------
 
 Put your release build and your .dSYM file in the same directory and open terminal
 $cd directory
$lldb MyApp.app
(lldb) image lookup -v --address 0x00085f3c

-----------
atos -o Debug-iphoneos/demo.app.dSYM/Contents/Resources/DWARF/demo -l 0x103c40000 0x00000001041c1fb8

-----------

//crash log 符号化

```
find . -name symbolicatecrash  //在Xcode目录里找
dwarfdump --uuid demo.app.dSYM
dwarfdump --uuid demo.app	/携程旅行
export DEVELOPER_DIR="/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer" //export DEVELOPER_DIR=`xcode-select --print-path`
/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/SharedFrameworks/DVTFoundation.framework/Versions/A/Resources/symbolicatecrash -v a.crash demo.app.dSYM/ 2 > a.log

```


删除crash log:
----

Not saving crash log because we have reached the limit for logs to store on disk. 
Sync or otherwise clear logs from /var/mobile/Library/Logs/CrashReporter to save new log

Disconnect your device and close Xcode.
On your dev machine you should look in:
/Users/%username%/Library/Logs/CrashReporter/MobileDevice/%devicename%
Move all reports to the Trash and then sync your device with iTunes. That should remove the logs from the device.


